(DOCSP-30369): Add docs release nots for w/e June8 (#500)
mongodb/docs-app-services: docs-release-notes.md

# June 8, 2023

## GraphQL

> - Atlas GraphQL API: Note in Limitation section about when you can safely ignore schema title warnings

Reviewer: When I list page names for docs page that have had changes, I try to match what's in the table of contents to make it easy for folks to navigate to a docs page that has had updates. In this case, there isn't a table of contents entry that says "Atlas GraphQL API", so I'd call this one "Landing Page" just so it's clear to the reader which page we're talking about.
```suggestion
- Landing Page: Note in Limitation section about when you can safely ignore schema title warnings
```
